h1. Analytics Dashboard

A Google Analytics dashboard written in JavaFX.  This dashboard aims to provide a mashup of data available from Google Analytics in forms that are not currently available on the Google Analytics site and/or difficult to produce using custom reports. 

The latest stable build of the dashboard can be found "here":http://newfoo.net/2009/05/AnalyticsDashboard/AnalyticsDashboard.jnlp.

h2. Before Hacking Away

If you'd like to contribute, you should at least have the following software available:

* "JDK 1.6":http://java.sun.com
* "JavaFX 1.1":http://www.javafx.com
* "JavaFX 1.1 Production Suite":http://www.javafx.com
* "InkScape":http://www.inkscape.org/download (for modifying the graphical design)

Optionally, the following software may make it easier for you to develop against:

* "NetBeans IDE 6.5.1":http://www.javafx.com for JavaFX

h2. Planned Features

h3. Near Future

* Ability to show long pages top pages & referrer tables
* Paging mechanism for daily view
* Switch between hourly & daily view
* Bar chart showing top referrers for top pages for period
* Bar chart showing top pages for top referrers for period
* Ability to compare time on site for each page / referrer for period

h3. Later Releases

* Integration with other services pertaining to a sites such as:
** FeedBurner stats
** Google Webmaster tools

h2. Release Notes

h3. Release 0.2 (2009-05-15)

* Fixed bug preventing sites with thousands hits/day from loading
* Title now shows site selected by user or the default site if user is only registered for one site.
* Added a busy cursor for data refreshes
* Added ability to remember username for the login form